docs: Add description for 'comment bitbucket' command (#164)
infracost/docs: docs/features/cli_commands.md

### Bitbucket

Run `infracost comment bitbucket --help` to see the options. For example, Bitbucket Server/Data Center users can specify `--bitbucket-server-url`. You might find the following common examples helpful.

#### Bitbucket Pipelines

```sh
infracost comment bitbucket --path infracost.json \
                            --repo $BITBUCKET_WORKSPACE/$BITBUCKET_REPO_SLUG \
                            --pull-request $BITBUCKET_PR_ID `# or --commit $BITBUCKET_COMMIT` \
                            --bitbucket-token $BITBUCKET_TOKEN \
                            --behavior update
```

- `--path`: required, path to Infracost JSON files, glob patterns need quotes.
- `--repo`: required, use this `$BITBUCKET_WORKSPACE/$BITBUCKET_REPO_SLUG` combination of predefined environment variables.
- `--pull-request`: required to post on a pull request, use `$BITBUCKET_PR_ID`. Mutually exclusive with `--commit` flag.
- `--commit`: required to post on a pull request's commit, use `$BITBUCKET_COMMIT`. Mutually exclusive with `--pull-request` flag, available only for Bitbucket Cloud.

> - `--bitbucket-token`: required, provide `username:app-password` for Bitbucket Cloud and HTTP access token for Bitbucket Server, for example, as an environment variable `$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should mention the username so it's clear that the CLI does not use that env itself, and the user can pass it in that way. See my suggestions below.

```suggestion
- `--bitbucket-token`: required, provide `username:app-password` for Bitbucket Cloud and HTTP access token for Bitbucket Server, for example, as an environment variable `username:$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`.
```

Author: Yep, it makes sense, username is not a secret. However, I went on putting `username:app-password` into the `BITBUCKET_TOKEN` because for BB Server we'll need only HTTP access token as one string, without username, and I thought it would avoid confusion. Maybe something like this can resolve it?
```suggestion
- `--bitbucket-token`: required, provide `username:app-password` for Bitbucket Cloud and HTTP access token
 for Bitbucket Server. For example, for Bitbucket Cloud the App password set App password as an environment 
 variable `$BITBUCKET_TOKEN` and use it as `username:$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`; for Bitbucket Server provide
  only the HTTP access token as `$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`.
```
Depending on what we decide, I'll also update the example commands to be `--bitbucket-token username:$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: Ah that's clearer, now, I would suggest we simplify the text to:

```suggestion
- `--bitbucket-token`: required. For Bitbucket Cloud provide `username:$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`, where the token can be a user or App password. For Bitbucket Server provide only an HTTP access token.
```

#### CircleCI with Bitbucket

```sh
infracost comment bitbucket --path infracost.json \
                            --repo $CIRCLE_PROJECT_USERNAME/$CIRCLE_PROJECT_REPONAME \
                            --pull-request ${CIRCLE_PULL_REQUEST##*/} `# or --commit $CIRCLE_SHA1` \
                            --bitbucket-token $BITBUCKET_TOKEN \
                            --behavior update
```

- `--path`: required, path to Infracost JSON files, glob patterns need quotes.
- `--repo`: required, use this `$CIRCLE_PROJECT_USERNAME/$CIRCLE_PROJECT_REPONAME` combination of predefined environment variables.
- `--pull-request`: required to post on a pull request, use `${CIRCLE_PULL_REQUEST##*/}` to extract the pull request's number from its URL. Mutually exclusive with `--commit` flag.
- `--commit`: required to post on a pull request's commit, use `$CIRCLE_SHA1`. Mutually exclusive with `--pull-request` flag, available only for Bitbucket Cloud.

> - `--bitbucket-token`: required, provide `username:app-password` for Bitbucket Cloud and HTTP access token for Bitbucket Server, for example, as an environment variable `$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--bitbucket-token`: required, provide `username:app-password` for Bitbucket Cloud and HTTP access token for Bitbucket Server, for example, as an environment variable `username:$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`.
```

#### Atlantis with Bitbucket

```sh
infracost comment bitbucket --path infracost.json \
                            --repo $BASE_REPO_OWNER/$BASE_REPO_NAME \
                            --pull-request $PULL_NUM `# or --commit $HEAD_COMMIT` \
                            --bitbucket-token $BITBUCKET_TOKEN \
                            --behavior update
```

- `--path`: required, path to Infracost JSON files, glob patterns need quotes.
- `--repo`: required, use this `$BASE_REPO_OWNER/$BASE_REPO_NAME` combination of predefined environment variables.
- `--pull-request`: required to post on a pull request, use `$PULL_NUM`. Mutually exclusive with `--commit` flag.
- `--commit`: required to post on a pull request's commit, use `$HEAD_COMMIT`. Mutually exclusive with `--pull-request` flag, available only for Bitbucket Cloud.

> - `--bitbucket-token`: required, provide `username:app-password` for Bitbucket Cloud and HTTP access token for Bitbucket Server, for example, as an environment variable `$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--bitbucket-token`: required, provide `username:app-password` for Bitbucket Cloud and HTTP access token for Bitbucket Server, for example, as an environment variable `username:$BITBUCKET_TOKEN`.
```
